So pivoting completely differently, different direction.
Well, actually before you pivot, I'm going to pee.
You can pee and pivot.
Yeah, pee and pivot.
Oh, the other thing that happened this week was, um, bram, bram died.
Oh, yeah, creator of them.
Yeah.
So I didn't do any Wikipedia deep dives and I didn't.
I wasn't aware of bram.
Uh, could you tell me like, was it so V already existed?
And then he created them.
What's the story?
Who, who was bram?
I don't, I don't know much about it.
I just remember his name forever and that he created them.
And he was like the BDFL for it.
I'm sorry, what's that?
Benevolent dictator for life.
Oh, okay.
It's, I didn't know there was an actual that you can, you can acquire.
Oh, it's like an official thing that people say.
No, it's not an official thing.
I think there's a bunch of projects that run this way.
Like Linux has Linus, who's a BDFL.
Uh, it's a few projects that run this way.
And it's like a great example of technically the best short term form
of leadership is a dictator that's very competent.
It doesn't work long term because a person that succeeds them is usually their
idiot kid, but I love it.
In this case, I don't think that's how it's going to, it's going to pass.
But it's going to get very effective.
A bunch of projects that have lasted like decades have have operated this way.
I mean, like Linux is such a crazy impactful thing and it runs this way.
So interesting.
I mean, I like thought about flow, but I was like, you know what?
This was like maybe one of this is like kind of a unique moment for me
because I'm probably for a lot of people our age because this is someone that.
You know, has it had like a crazy impact on my literal everyday life for a very
long time?
It's like he made the thing that helps me make money that helps me get all
the things that I want in my life.
Uh, and so yeah, it's like, oh, this person died.
I don't really know anything about them, but like deeply impactful to me, even
though I've like really never thought about them or like no much about them
or converse with them or anything.
So I feel a little guilty sharing similar sentiments given that I've been using
them for like seven months, but it's been in a very impactful seven months for me.
Can I say that?
I mean, I did spend 15 years as a software developer, not using them.
You tapped into like a whole community and like, you know, you met people.
I did.
I've met people.
Yeah.
So many close relationships, it's such an interesting community.
Like when you think about just like editing text files more efficiently, such
an interesting thing to have such a like passion around, but it is one of the
things I'm more into now in terms of my craft than anything.
Like I'm more excited about learning new VIM things.
It just gave me something at this stage of my career that I was just kind of bored.
I mean, with like the normal everyday software development stuff.
So yeah, no, it has been really a really great year or whatever it's been of, of
learning them, getting to know all these people that are super into it, diving
into the neo VIM world.
Uh, yeah, no, it really has.
I, I kind of like, I just feel bad.
Like you've been using it for 10 years and I'm like, you can say these very nice
kind words about brand.
And I'm like, uh, similar, but shorter.
Well, okay.
You, you, you can rephrase it as despite only having used it for seven months.
He's managed to make an impact in my life.
That's a great way.
Thank you.
That's just, yes, that's what I meant to say.
Flipped it, flipped it, turned it upside down and now it's good.
And now it's good.
Yeah.
So I think it was a unique experience.
And I think this is the first time I'm experiencing something like this, where
someone didn't know died, but it like weirdly feels personal.
And imagine as you get older, like this obviously starts to happen more.
And there's like artists or musicians or whatever that died.
I think about like Christopher Nolan, who like whose movies I absolutely love.
And one day there's going to be like the last Christopher Nolan film and he's
going to die at some point.
It's going to like deeply affect me.
And I'm like, damn, that is really crazy.
That is crazy.
I was just thinking the other day.
I don't know why I was thinking this, but I thought like, I need to look up what
celebrities have died in the last year.
Cause I bet there's a bunch of people that I'd be like, huh.
Yeah.
I just don't like consume any media to know like when that stuff happens.
And I know there's been times where it's like you learn two, three years later that
somebody died and like, they're never going to be in another movie.
Wow.
Yeah.
It is crazy to think that I feel like I'm really shallow and surface level here
with your deep connections to humanity.
Well, I mean, I started the movie thing.
There's not going to be another movie.
Okay.
Yeah.
So you brought up Hollywood.
So that's your fault.
Yeah.
You should, you should watch, I don't know.
You don't watch a lot of movies, but you should watch Oppenheimer.
It was a fun.
Yeah, I want to.
I saw it as two weeks ago.
I have never had this reaction to any movie ever.
I finished watching the movie and me and Liz were walking out and I like
couldn't talk like it like affected me in such like whoa, a deep way that I needed
like 10 minutes to like, I don't know.
I just, it was just such like in a like three hours of emotion.
And I was like, really?
Yeah.
Like I never very intrigued.
I think from my point of view, I describe it as like the status movie I've
ever seen.
Oh, and the reason being is it's about something.
It's about achieving something really great, like working extremely hard
against crazy odds with thousands of people and achieving like complete
greatness, but it is like there's no glory and it's all sad.
So it's so weird to see a movie about achievement.
Like we've seen that before, like any like bio pick about someone great.
It's like they struggle and then they win and then it's great after.
But this was like they struggled.
They did it and then they struggled more with everything.
Everything they came after.
So yeah, yeah.
Like hit me really, really hard.
Huh.
Well, I was not expecting said.
I don't know.
I didn't know really much about it.
I just know it's about me neither.
Robinheimer, like that's what I know.
Yeah.
The acting was amazing.
Like Chris Reynolds is very, very good at telling story.
He's just so good at like going so deep and like hitting on like the
deepest points in a very digestible way.
Yeah.
So like his stuff is very mainstream, but I think it straddles like just
because it's mainstream doesn't mean it's like less valuable or dumber or dumb
down or anything.
It's like as deep as yeah, a lot of times mainstream means kind of dumb down.
Yeah, I mean, like Marvel movies, it's like there's no, there's not depth there, right?
Yeah, I don't know.
I haven't seen the Marvel movies.
What am I talking about?
No, no, you're, you know, you're right.
It's like I think I think sometimes he gets categorized that because like everyone
loves his movie.
So when I say I'm a big fan of his movie, oh, yeah, of course.
But like I think he's truly unique in that everyone does love his movies and that
doesn't take away from, from anything.
It's almost got that indie quality of like storytelling and all that.
Yeah, I got you.
Yeah, exactly.
I want to take my eight year old to he's never been the movie theater.
I want to take him to this first.
Well, not to often hire probably.
I don't think it's suitable for an eight year old.
I don't think you can tell me.
I don't think the theme of it.
I think it would just be boring to him and I'm like one of my biggest
realizations as I got older was when I was little, I would watch things
and they wouldn't hit me.
They wouldn't affect me as emotionally.
Like I could watch stuff that's like really sad or like whatever.
Like it just it was kind of go over my head.
And now I watch the same stuff and I'm like so deeply affected by it.
So I think for him, it would just be boring.
And you'll just be like saying next to him like going through a whole journey.
I mean, I'm already not sure if he'll enjoy sitting for the length of a movie.
I don't know if you set that long for anything.
You should just find a short movie because some movies are short.
I thought about when Mario was out and everybody was talking about Mario.
Mario was a good short movie.
I was actually going to suggest that.
There's the Ninja Turtles.
This is a new movie that maybe you would like.
OK, so I don't know if it's short.
Is he like Ninja Turtles?
No, I never heard of them, but I was really in terms of kids.
So maybe maybe I was a medic.
Oh, yeah, it was something about mutant turtles.
It just does it for us.
I don't.
Yeah, I don't know.
It was.
I think that was our era.
That's surprising to me.
They're still doing new ones.
I wonder is it like is it live action like that one movie where there's like the really creepy shredder?
Is it a cartoon?
Do you remember those movies?
The live action.
Oh, I do.
Yeah.
They were weird.
No, no, I mean, I loved it.
Yeah, but they were in retrospect.
Yeah, yeah.
I don't remember what its planner looked like about it.
Was he an actual rat in the one we're talking about?
Well, I mean, they're all like wearing these costumes with the mouths that move, right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, like they're very clearly like prosthetic.
Yeah, yeah, so I think that's what it was.
The new one, I think, I think I know what you're talking about.
The new one, it looks like.
So there's been a bunch of.
Spider-man movies of the new animated ones.
Yeah.
And they are like some of the best animation I've ever seen.
They're like so unique and like so much going on in every scene.
And I think this new Ninja Turtles wanted like looks similar.
So I'm wondering if like the same people were kind of.
So it isn't the animated kind of thing.
Yeah, I think so.
I didn't know there were new Spider-man movies.
There's like this so many Spider-man movies.
There's so many that there's two parallel streams of like different.
There's like the live action ones going on.
Yeah, you know, the Marvel, the traditional Marvel set up.
Then there's like these animated ones going on just completely in parallel.
And they're like coming out at the same time.
That's wild.
That's why we are once Disney gets a whole of something.
They just they blow it out.
Is everyone going to get tired of the Marvel and like Lucas franchises?
Like if they just ground like ground those into the.
Drove those into the ground.
One of them I think they have.
I think we're past the peak of the Marvel stuff.
And I actually think Disney kind of recognizes it.
Like I know they're like not trying.
I can tell that they're still doing stuff.
But it seems like they're kind of like winding it down.
But I do wonder what the next thing they need to replace it with.
Because they made so much money, like driving so much money for the last 10 years.
And now you have to like replace that with something that makes as much or more.
Yeah, I don't know what it is.
Star Wars, I feel like they once I took it over, I feel like not much good ever.
Came from there.
Like some of it was the best stuff was like fine.
So I feel like that like never really sparked back up again.
But yeah, I don't know what they do.
Yeah, what a weird, what a weird history.
Star Wars as a franchise has like the original three movies.
Just being these like just huge iconic movies and pop culture and then they made those.
They came out so yeah, no, and then like just the crazy fanaticism that that drove.
And then you got these the next three with like Jar Jar Banks and all that.
I don't know.
Maybe the maybe the next three weren't all bad, but that first one that that came out was like bizarre.
You want to hear something messed up?
Yes.
OK, my personal experience it.
OK, so what you just said is how everyone feels and most people feel.
Yeah, but my personal experience was seeing the Phantom Menace, which is the first
movie I was talking about one of my first memories of being in America.
And like I was like, America's for awesome.
This wasn't even this was like years after like my family first came here.
But I remember my parents taking me to the movie theater.
I had no idea what movie I was going to watch.
And the first scene quite on gin like lights up is lightsaber and cuts.
Oh, man.
Yeah, I'm like, I'm OK, this is like the best thing I've ever seen in my whole life.
And I'm so glad I'm just say I think it's actually good.
I do Darth Maul like I'm remembering all of the like marketing leading up to that.
It was on every like Taco Bell cup like it was a huge, huge deal.
And and I don't think I was disappointed is it.
I was a kid.
I remember hearing in retrospect there was like Jar Jar Banks was so stupid.
I don't remember being that distracted by Jar Jar Banks.
I felt like it was an epic Star Wars movie.
There were lightsabers.
The Darth Maul character was super cool and menacing and all of that.
I don't know. Maybe the twists with the queen being the handmade
like that whole thing. Yes, yeah, I thought it was good.
OK, thank you.
I felt like it was like you weren't allowed to think that movie was good.
It was good.
And then the next two were the next two. OK.
Well, they had like really terrible acting.
Like some of the worst acting I've seen in my life comes from the
second one. Oh, right.
That one guy, the mane, the Anakin guy with.
Yeah, he was bad. Yeah.
Of the meme.
I forget that we all see that meme like every day.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, I think that here's my theory.
So OK, so hands to roll back a little.
Yeah, wrap up your.
I think that it demonstrates how much like nostalgia is a part of this stuff
because we saw it as children.
So like we liked it because we were kids and we continued to like it.
Yeah, because of those memories.
I get why someone that saw Star Wars in the 80s and then like watch this 30
years later, whatever it was, 25 years later, was like, that sucks.
Like I totally get that because I feel that way about certain things
up coming out now.
Yeah, that makes sense.
It's just crazy.
There's no objectivity to any of this.
Like all these things affect you.
But then going back to the acting, I'm convinced that hitting Christian
and the guy that played Anakin, I think he got screwed.
Here's why not only is his acting bad in that movie, everyone's acting
is bad in that movie.
Natalie Portman, who plays opposite to him.
Yeah, terrible, terrible acting, like just really bad, but she was already
kind of famous and had a crew and was able to have a career after.
And she's been a great actress in other movies to convince something
about the director something about the directing there.
Yeah, George Lucas is this, didn't he?
Yeah, exactly.
So I think he was into this like and he's even described these
movies as like a soap opera.
I think he's into like the soap opera drama of it.
And he was trying to get everyone to like do that.
But it wasn't natural.
So I think he got screwed and everyone was like, that's the first time we saw you act.
We think you suck and now your whole career.
That sucks for that guy.
Yeah, because did he really do anything after that?
I don't know.
And he doesn't look too great these days.
So I don't know.
So maybe it's just that George Lucas was in like 30 years later.
From the first start, the first hours came.
There were the 70s, right?
Like 70 years or something.
It was something like 30, almost 30 years later.
Maybe he just wasn't very good at it 30 years later.
Think like 30 years from now.
You think he'll be like a great programmer?
I don't know.
Maybe 77.
Yeah, I mean, I guess like the techniques changed and like, yeah, I don't know.
Maybe the first movies weren't even that good.
Like maybe they weren't.
Yeah, maybe they weren't.
It's just like at the time.
It was like it was like people latched on.
It was unique.
Yeah, this story was very unique.
Interesting.
Yeah, maybe he got too much credit.
I don't know.
I'm glad he became rich, though, because it's sponsored an ecosystem.
Like all the video games, toys, and it was a big part of my childhood.
Oh, yeah, so much that IP is everywhere.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm sure the news, the stuff that Disney does, they're just good at stuff.
I'm sure it's good.
It can't be bad.
But if you're like a Star Wars fan, maybe it's not what you're looking for.
I think there's a floor like Disney will guarantee that it never gets worse.
Exactly.
Yeah.
Like, I don't know.
I haven't, I'm like into that world and like not much of it has, has drawn me back.
Yeah.
No, I watch a lot of TV.
Is it on Netflix?
No, they have their own thing.
Disney plus.
Yeah.
Disney's an interesting, like an interesting business case study.
I mean, like the ESPN situation has its whole onion in its own with the layers and
layers of how they get out of their situation.
Yeah, sports rights and all that stuff.
Yeah.
And apples in that space too, because they have, uh, they have the, um, the soccer
rights, which I don't know.
So I didn't know it was joking, but I can believe this to be real.
Uh, Messi joining my team in Miami here.
Yeah.
It's impacting apples.
He was like, it's impacting apples earnings reports.
Wow.
Cause like soccer viewership is so up from this one person.
Have you bumped into Messi yet?
I mean, like, no, I'm sure I will.
Like it's just a matter of the public, yeah, it's just a matter of the right.
You know what that is.
Yeah, it's just a matter of time.
It's just like a matter of time.
Miami's not that big.
Yeah.
Only a few million people, uh, people are so happy and like, I think they've
lost a game yet since he joined.
They were the worst, the worst ranked team.
Is he like, is he passed this prime?
Even he's got to be getting older, isn't he?
Yeah.
But he, he just like won a world cup.
Like he's so really good.
Oh, he's still really good.
Yeah.
Even past, it's like Jordan past his prime is still the most.
Sorry.
And he's, uh, he's playing in like the American League, which isn't, you know,
the most competitive thing.
So the American League, like MLS is split into two leagues or you're just saying
no, I meant just like it's different than playing in Europe.
Yeah.
Like we suck.
It's like, yeah, I mean football.
I mean, whatever.
Yeah.
I wish we didn't.
I wish we were like, I wish that was the sport.
So we could put it on the thing.
Like, you know, like, maybe.
There's always a similar moments like this.
Like when F one got the Netflix thing that like 100 X that sport in terms of
interest, like that we could be the thing that could be a thing.
I just, I wish our kids would grow up.
Yeah.
And use the metric system and like soccer metric is good.
Right.
But I had an old teacher in like middle school, uh, Dan Zorn, uh, he was the best.
And he would say like, how dumb the American standard measurement system
or whatever it's called, the Imperial system, how dumb it is.
Cause like you take a kid in elementary and you're like, how many, uh, cubic inches
and a gallon and they'll just stare at you.
Like I have no idea, but you ask any like five year old in Europe, how many cubic
centimeters and a liter.
And they know it's like a thousand or whatever.
Cause everything is, it's all related volume, you know, distance, surface area,
all that stuff.
It's like all correlated.
Yeah.
We have 10.
Why do we do all these things?
At all.
Yeah.
Okay.
So when you're 12 inches in a foot, sorry, go ahead.
Here's the one thing I'm going to bring up though.
Uh, I agree.
The metric system is better for most things.
The reason I say most is because I disagree with one thing.
Oh, can I guess?
Yes.
Uh, miles.
No versus kilometer.
No, no, it's temperature idea.
Okay.
Tiptor.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
Fair and high.
It's nice.
First, it seems like, oh, uh, the way they do temperature makes sense.
It's like zero and a hundred or whatever.
But you allocate so much space to temperatures that humans never experienced.
It's true.
It's like, I do, I do have a problem with that.
Yeah.
It's like, you never really reach temperatures above a certain number and
like half the scale is that it's like scientists made the scale and they were
like, this is great.
Exactly.
We're boiling stuff and liquid, whatever.
Because like in Fahrenheit, you know, there is a, when it's 65 degrees versus
75 degrees, that's like a very big difference.
And we have like 10 numbers in between, in between to like describe that.
Whereas, you know, it's not the case for temperature.
And I feel like when I point this out, I don't, it doesn't seem controversial.
People are like, no, everything American does is bad.
I mean, I get it.
Like you make enough mistakes.
Like I get it.
We've done that 100% on board with distance weights metric, definitely better.
But I'm fine with temperature.
Is it possible to like teach our kids in America, those things?
Like, I bet at this age, they're sponges.
They could just pick all that stuff up.
But if we don't use it in the house, then they're just not going to really latch onto it.
I just feel like with the globalization and like internet connectedness, I just
feel more and more like this stepchild, this like idiot brother, because I don't
know anything anyone's talking about like, Oh, you like soccer.
Oh, it's fun to watch soccer.
Oh, okay.
I guess I don't know.
I wish we fit in a little better.
It's a yeah, it goes both ways.
It's also incredible that how much culture we export.
That we've talked about that.
Yeah, it is.
It is really like they watch our movies and stuff.
Do people like movies?
And I'm sorry.
That sounded so awful and dumb.
Definitely not for this death and death sentence.
It's funny because some of the best movies that have reached like critical acclaim,
like even from the Oscars in the past couple of years have been foreign.
I'm sorry.
I'm such an American trope.
Do they have cameras?
Do they have electricity out there?
I should feel really bad because people give me that.
People expect out of the Ozarks.
Like they have TVs in the Ozarks.
Yeah.
Let's take a quick break for a totally normal reason that aren't being.
So now we're back and we're back.
OK, anyway, OK, I want to talk about go because people are talking about go again.
Oh, yeah.
People are talking about go mutterings.
So I've said for a long time that go would be such a good language if the language
wasn't so bad because there's so many things about it that I love.
I love how it's just compiles with single binary.
You can compile it, cross-compile it for Linux, Mac, whatever.
Santa library is like pretty, pretty, pretty good to pretty fast.
The language itself is like such a pain to write.
It's like the type system was like really immature and didn't have generics.
At one point is like very little inference and that's what was kind of stopping me
from continuing to use it.
And I use it for like almost four years, I think, maybe more than four years.
And it's great to hit it over that time.
But it's it's been a while since then.
It's been maybe like five years since then.
And it's developing more.
It's like develop more.
And there's this new 1.21 release that people are pretty interested and excited
about, introduces some inference for generic functions so that you don't have to
like constantly pass in like the generic type, things like that.
Yeah.
I'm impressed because there was a time where the creators were like, even
against adding generics, because it adds so much complexity.
It adds so much.
They're like very anti anything that even feels like it can make the
language more complicated.
Yeah.
And so that's one that's kind of when I gave up on it.
I was like, I feel the culture isn't aligned with with what I what I want.
But it seems like people kept kind of fighting and they pushed it through.
And now it's getting towards stuff that is kind of complicated.
But I think generally makes a makes a language better.
And I've been saying for a while for the ST team that we should like at some
point, we should really focus on the go market and like try to market directly
to them and like make that experience.
Yeah, really good.
Because it is a fantastic choice for serverless, like writing your
functions and go like cold starts are fast and like performance is fast.
Like everything is to get a really good option between something really high
level like JavaScript and something like way too low level, like Rust.
Yeah.
So I'm kind of excited to like see that and come back.
Cause I kind of gave up on it at some point.
Yeah.
We just had so I just had this company offsite and one night in the hot tub.
Honestly, that's where it was.
It occurred to me that yeah, in the hot tub, we had a conversation, me and a handful
of engineers on the team about kind of like all the landscape of languages.
We had this big conversation and I remember my feeling was like, I wouldn't
consider go and rust as like two choices I'm choosing between because they feel
very different.
And then somebody pointed out that go is garbage collected.
If you're trying to move from some language and you're choosing between
like our go and rust to choices that you would make something like that.
Like are they comparable languages?
Basically that was the gist of it.
Are they comparable languages?
And I felt like no.
And I don't, I couldn't tell anybody why.
Just like, no, they don't feel the same.
Yeah, no, I think from a technical point of view, you're correct.
And that like they're very different.
I think I see why people compare them because they're compiled.
They're fast.
They're compiled.
But I think Russ tries to get people try to put Russ in places where it doesn't
belong and places where go belong.
So they end up being compared.
And I think in those situations, like you should always just pick go.
I think Russ says like, if you really consider like the right, the place
where it makes sense, it's like pretty narrow.
It's like a good language, but it's more like that's what I said.
It's more like a specialty language in my mind.
Yeah, exactly.
The embedded systems thing makes sense.
Like the safety is like a big thing, right?
Exactly.
So like even there, like the one time I worked on embedded systems, I actually
moved them from sea to go.
And that was great.
And I continue to use it today and a bunch of devices.
They're like three generations down and they're still running on on go from where.
So even there, it's like it's not as clear cut as well embedded.
So I should be using Russ.
It's again, so it depends on what you're doing.
They got so many things right outside of the language of like how to deploy it,
how to like compile it, like it's fast enough, all that stuff they did.
Garber selection is completely fine for most cases.
So everything about it was just good.
But when you go and use a language every day, it's like this doesn't feel fun.
Like I don't feel good using it.
Yeah, I remember now it was C++.
That was the question.
It's like if you're looking for an alternative, like you're trying to move
off to C++, like why would you choose go or rust?
I think that was sort of the question.
Yeah.
I mean, you and I just just like really depends on what you're doing.
Are you streaming on Twitch?
Then you go with Russ.
If you need to tell people you're smarter than them, you go with rust.
Russ.
Yeah.
Yeah, there was a lot of excitement around Russ.
But like almost nothing got shipped because it just doesn't make sense to use
for the majority of things that people try to use it for.
How much did the like the whole foundation thing?
Did that actually affect you think adoption of the language?
Like, will people choose Russ less because of that?
I think if people are really honest with what happens and this is completely fine.
It's not a criticism.
This is like, I think you should be honest about this.
We get bored and we want to try something new.
We try something new, but we pretend like it's some logical.
Step of like, I'm analyzing stuff I need to do and this language is correct.
And that's why I'm excited about it and has all XYZ things.
Yeah, but you're just bored and you want to want to change things.
And that's totally OK.
Like a lot of reasons I've shifted to my language is in my career professionally.
I've been just because I got bored.
I got to serve less because I was bored.
And I think there was a phase where people got bored with rust and they kind of got
bored with rust and the Russ Foundation thing was happening at the same time.
So I think that just kind of like fuel fire.
Yeah, that people move on to something else.
And you learn every time you're bored and you go try something new.
So it's totally OK.
So what what is the best not even like has to be supported in SST or has to have
really good support and SST.
But like if you're building this sort of serverless event driven lots
of lame to functions that are your back end, what is the best language in your mind?
Like if you're going to choose one that's like S tier and all the rest fall below it.
Unfortunately, it still is typescript because it just depends.
Like it's it's really between go and typescript.
And I go between these two go is technically better.
If you just look at performance and like what actually happens at runtime,
yeah, you should probably pick it.
But from a tooling point of view, everything around it is going to be in typescript.
You're front end your infrastructure.
Everything else is going to be in typescript.
So it's just hard to beat that synergy, but I can definitely see myself at some
point writing all of my back end and go again.
Yeah.
If the language gets better to the point where I'm like, at least enjoying it a little,
that'll push me over to to writing it more.
Some time in the future that SST CLI will be written and go, which is kind of inevitable.
That's just going to happen.
If I'm writing more stuff and go, I'm probably just going to want to write my
back end and go as well.
It isn't like the big strong suit of go is the concurrency model.
And wouldn't that like not be a big advantage in the serverless?
Yeah.
I, OK, so people really are like, go has great concurrency.
I don't think that's accurate.
I think it's that go has a concurrency model and other languages don't.
So by comparison, it has it.
I don't think it has a great concurrency model.
I think languages like Elixir have like a fantastic concurrency model.
Go just has one.
And it's good that it has one of those languages don't.
And you can do things that you can't do.
Otherwise, you're right.
It doesn't show up as much, but my challenge from the other day, where I was
like, I'm in a single Lambda function, but I still need to like make.
And number of requests out implementing that and go would have been more
performance.
It actually doesn't look much better and go than it does in in JavaScript,
just because I'm saying the model isn't really like not good.
It just exists.
Yeah, with the benefit that it does like CPU concurrency as well, which
that would not do.
So, but yeah, people like you for that reason.
When I first got on to go, it was because I was building a web crawler
and I was doing it in C sharp and I couldn't get it to like be concurrent enough.
Yeah, I switched to go, which had like a more explicit concurrency model.
So I did go for that reason, but I don't like view it as like, oh, this is
like a really great thing about the language.
Yeah.
You said C sharp, but why does nobody talk about C sharp when like 90%
of people writing code or writing C sharp?
I feel like it's never talked about.
I don't know.
Yeah, it's weird.
I wrote C sharp a long time.
I know you did as well.
A lot of people that are like our age, like it started out.
We we we cut our teeth on C sharp.
Yeah, I don't know.
I mean, I get why I wouldn't choose it in like a serverless context,
like modern reasons, just the runtime and all that stuff.
But it's still in use and like a lot of people are shipping C sharp every day.
And I feel like it's talked about zero on Twitter and the other places that I am.
Yeah, like it's funny because most languages will have some like
delegates from the language that like show up in our bubble, right?
Like, yeah, even stuff that's like just heavily used by enterprise people.
Like some of those people leave and start companies and a more on like this
sort of be online world, like Java, like I hear I see people using it.
But yeah, like you never hear from C sharp people.
I don't know why don't know why.
Just like, I guess if you're in that Microsoft bubble, if you're out there,
let us know.
I know some of you, but the people who I don't know, let us know.
I don't know how, maybe on Twitter, start talking about C sharp.
Let's make it a thing.
Let's just start making C sharp, the big topic.
Can we do that?
Can we push?
I think the secret is everyone is actually writing C sharp and they don't realize it.
Oh, what do you mean?
Because they're already in TypeScript, which is basically the same thing.
Yeah, made by the same old Anders.
If Anders, you know, if Anders dies whenever that is, maybe 20 years from now,
I'm not trying to wish any, you know, timeline on Anders.
But when he does, I'll feel that one.
That was my whole the start of my career and now with TypeScript.
Yeah, no, that's been my whole career.
I've been in some way impacted by his work.
It is crazy.
Like the whole.
The sharp TypeScript thing, like, I mean, I've said this before, but I literally never most
languages, I sit down and like go to learn the language.
I didn't do that with TypeScript.
I just like started a right C sharp and I was like, all this.
Yeah, I have to go learn anything.
Yeah, it was like repurposed it and made it like crazy mass market appeal.
Yeah, coming from Microsoft to what a crazy turnaround.
Microsoft, we've, I think we've talked about that, right?
They just owned so much of the developer touch points, like they have.
Yeah, it's, yeah, like it's, it's so funny to me because so many developers
would be like stupid Microsoft, like just like that's the invoke thing to hate.
But like they use VS code, they use GitHub, they use, I mean, granted, you know, Microsoft
bought some of these things like GitHub, but.
But yeah, at this point, but still it's a Microsoft product.
Yeah.
Why we, oh, I don't want to go down that path again.
Never mind.
Sorry to go back down on the why is GitHub down all the time.
And I was like, we've heard.
Well, I was going to say GitHub, you have reminded me, do you see our new GitHub handle?
Oh, you got the SST.
I did see that.
Yeah.
And that just redirects, right?
Like nobody has to change anything.
Like it just will redirect if you've got like your, your local.
You got your old stuff at all, because we also, we also retain the old one and we got
them to cyber redirect as you, as everyone knows, SST is just three people.
And I feel like every person has like a trait that is like a superpower and then
like comes together really nicely.
Yeah.
Frank's superpower is, and he'll say this himself.
He says this himself all the time.
He's like, I'm not smart.
I just work really hard, which sounds okay.
You've heard that before, but you do not understand what it means how hard he is
like the most persistent person ever.
Like he'll like take something to a place and you will have, you would have given up
like a hundred times before like you didn't even get this.
He has been working.
So first, the NPM package, we got the SSTM package.
Yeah.
I remember that.
Yep.
I remember like kind of trying and I saw him trying and I was like, okay, this is
never going to happen.
He like just kept going at it for months and months and months and finally contacted
us, the random guy that had it like found like he like contacted his past coworkers.
Like just did all of this like crazy like stuff and just never gave up, even though
it didn't move an inch for like a very long time.
Yeah.
This GitHub thing, same story, like it's probably been a year.
I think we've been trying to get it for a year.
Wow.
And he just been been trying and trying.
And you mentioned Chris Munns earlier.
Yeah.
And Chris Munns actually was the one that introduced him to the person that helped
us like figure this out.
So shout out right there.
That's awesome.
Yeah, it's it is just super persistent.
So whenever we have a task that's like, this is going to be a slog.
Yeah, me and Jay are not the type of people.
It's Frank are going to do that.
Yeah.
Frank.
So you guys, you guys are smart.
I'll work hard together.
Well, you know, I don't know if Frank listens, but if he does, or if you just
want to relay the message, my birthday is in just a week or so.
And I've been trying to get the atom.dev on GitHub.
I can't get a hold of person.
So if he wants to just like spend a year and give me a gift next time, this year,
next time, next year, this time, you know, I would appreciate that.
I mean, thank you, Frank.
Thank you.
I don't want to say appreciate it.
It's like A-D-A-M-D-O-T dev.
That's what you want.
Are you kidding me right now?
Are you really trying to spell my handle?
Cause you don't see it on everything.
I'm Adam.dev on literally everything.
I was clarifying it for, I don't know.
I don't know why I did that.
Is it A-D-E-M or is that A-M?
No, I know, because in my head, I was like seeing the dot as a dot.
Like a dot.
You know, I don't think you can do dot on GitHub, right?
Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
No, I want it spelled out.
Somebody has it.
And I, for some reason, I thought it was a certain person I found on LinkedIn,
but they never applied to me.
I don't know.
I didn't put much effort into it and I don't care that much.
Well, I do care that much because someday I want to be anonymous.
People are going to know that I'm Adam, but they won't know which Adam.
They won't know my last.
It's already too late.
What do you do? No, it's not. Stop it.
I'm doing it. Just wait.
Look behind you.
It just says Adam. I'm saying they're going to note.
My name will still be Adam, but they won't remember that you were the same.
No, no, no, no, no. Stop.
No, we're going to make this work.
We're going anonymous.
You're going to have to like go way harder on this if you want this to happen.
You need to start with like an anime profile picture and like just OK, maybe I will.
Yeah, maybe I will.
Then no one would ever suspect you of all people to do that.
I mean, they'll still know what my face looks like.
But then you're not going to be that anonymous.
I'm not looking.
Yeah, I'm not looking to be completely anonymous.
Just like it's hard to find out my real name, you know, that kind of anonymous.
I want people to doubt is Adam even my name.
But at this point, we can just run your face through facial recognition and it's
going to show up killing my dreams.
I'm just killing all my dreams.
Your dreams died a while ago.
And it's well, we'll see about that.
Well, you want to go complete.
Like, look, once we make the I'm going to disappear, once we make the jump into the
metaverse, then you can look at whatever you want.
And at that point already in the metaverse isn't Twitter and all this stuff.
Isn't that kind of already the metaverse?
OK, now if we were in the metaverse, the fact that it mess up my knee would have no
impact on my life because I could just do your thing.
Like it'll all be virtual reality.
And like you will be a physical being in that just the next level.
Yeah, it's the next level where I can look like whatever I want.
Yeah, how's your has your knee, by the way, it feels basically normal.
So I'm not basically I'm going to try.
I'm going to resist temptation to like treat like it's one more place.
Another week, just in case just rest up.
Yeah, but it feels fine.
It's a little stiff, but fine, continue going very hard in jujitsu.
I have I see hot on my left elbow because it hurts a little more after every session.
I should probably take a break.
I just can't.
I'm obsessed, Dax.
It's my favorite thing in the world.
Chris is asking if I post the video of my knee.
No, I did find the video on my phone.
I will I will post it later.
It's funny.
It's just me walking.
I watched it again yesterday and I just walk up and I'm go and I go, I felt something pop.
It's riveting.
Can't wait to see this.
All right, we should probably get some work done.
This has been a long one today.
Yeah, I mean, not this episode, but the two episodes we just recorded.
Is that is that?
Should I not say that?
Is that like too many peaks behind the curtain?
People are listening still.
I love the end of episodes because I feel like at this point, we can say whatever we want.
It doesn't matter.
There's like 10 people still listening.
And they really like us apparently.
There's something offensive.
I'm not going to do that.
I know there's all this stuff that you bottle up and you don't say.
So you should just say it.
Oh, I have a lot of things bottled up that I will not ever say, but I'm not ever going to say them.
That's the nature of bottling up.
I don't know if you understand how bottles work, but you put a little bit of stuff stays in there.
OK, all right.
It's been fun.
Thanks, thanks.
Yeah, see you.
[Music]